[0012] Add node discovery protocol (#33)
nervosnetwork/rfcs: rfcs/0012-node-discovery/0012-node-discovery.md

#### `GetNodes` Message
When all the following conditions are met, the local node will send a `GetNodes` message:

  1. It's an outbound connection (for resisting [fingerprinting attack][3]).
  2. The other node's version must bigger than a preset value.
  3. The number of addresses currently stored is less than `ADDRESSES_THRESHOLD` (default 1000). 

#### `Nodes` Message
When the client receives a `GetNodes` request, it SHOULD return a `Nodes` message if this kind of reception is the first time and the connection is an inbound connection, the `announce` field is set to `false`. At regular intervals, local node SHOULD broadcast all connected `Node` information in `Nodes` message to all connected nodes, the `announce` field is set to `true`. When local node received a `Nodes` message and it's `announce` field is `true`, local node SHOULD relay those node addresses that are [routable][1].

The `announce` field here is to distinguish a `Nodes` as a response of `GetNodes` or a broadcast message, so it's convenient to apply different rules for punishing misbehaviors. The main rules:

* A node can only send one `Nodes` message (announce=false) as a response of `GetNodes` message.

> * Among a node's broadcast messages only the first `Nodes` message (announce=true) can include more than `ANNOUNCE_THRESHOLD` (default 10) node information, in case other peer send reduplicative node information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Among a node's broadcast messages only the first `Nodes` message (announce=true) can include more than `ANNOUNCE_THRESHOLD` (default 10) node information, in case other peers send duplicate node information.
```

Why can  `ANNOUNCE_THRESHOLD` prevent duplicate node information? Who are the 'other peers` here?

> * Among a node's broadcast messages only the first `Nodes` message (announce=true) can include more than `ANNOUNCE_THRESHOLD` (default 10) node information, in case other peers send too many duplicate node information.

Reviewer: Can you expand the explanation? I find it's still hard to follow the logic of `ANNOUNCE_THRESHOLD` and 'duplicate node information' here.

Author: Just want to limit other peers send too many broadcast messages.

Removed `duplicate` now, I think it's meaningless.

The number of `addresses` field of each `Node` in all `Nodes` messages cannot exceed `MAX_NODE_ADDRESSES` (default 3).

## Resist Typical Attacks
### Fingerprinting Attack
[Related paper][3]

`GetNodes` can only send to an outbound connection.

## Data Structures

> We use [FlatBuffers][2] as serialize/deserialize format, the *schema*:

Reviewer: FlatBuffers or CFB? If it's FlatBuffers, why not use CFB?
